blood stains the floor of a un relief
Distribution Center in
Rafa a stark reminder of the dangers
humanitarian workers face in Gaza staff
members mourn the loss of a colleague
one of five people killed in an Israeli
attack this is for bidden we are an
international institution all of this is
for the people we stopped returning to
our home
we work here day and night to serve
refugees we take all of this to the
elderly and the children what is
this unra says that it frequently shares
locations of its facilities with all
parties but that has not stopped the
Israeli military from targeting
it the Israeli Army described
Wednesday's attack as a successful
operation targeting a Hamas
Commander since October more than 150
unra centers have been struck in
Israel's war on Gaza this includes
schools Sheltering the
displaced at least 400 people have been
killed while Sheltering under the United
Nations Flag the UN called this latest
attack devastating it has a negative
impact on our ability of staff to to to
work it has a negative impact on the
ability of those who need Aid uh to get
Aid it's it's another it's another
tragic symbol of the conditions under
which our humanitarian colleagues work
every day in um in
Gaza a agencies say un's role in
Palestinian territories is
irreplaceable deaths from Hunger are
already being reported in Gaza in a
meeting with the US Secretary of State
the eu's policy chief called for the
opening of more channels to deliver Aid
we need to clear the humanitarian Nexus
through Sea by air that's good that's
not enough you cannot replace hundreds
of trucks by sending parachutes the most
important thing is to open the borders
by
land under international law Aid
facilities are supposed to be protected
during armed conflict
but as War rages in Gaza incidents like
this seem likely to continue
unchecked Felix noara Al jazer